We are all complete with our config file.
So now we are going to apply this to our cluster.
To do so, I'm going to go back over to my terminal and inside my AIDS directory.
I will do a cube CTL apply.
F are going to apply post dash crv.
Dot HTML.
Once I run that I should see that the service was created.
I can then attempt to list out all the different services lists running inside my cluster with.
It'll get services, and that's going to print out a default service of Kubernetes right there.
We can ignore that for right now and post dash CRV.
So that is the service that we just created.
You'll notice that it's type is node port.
And at the very end over here, you'll notice that there is a port column.
One port says 4000 and the other are just on the other side of that colon.
There's going to be something like a 30,000 port.
So you might have anything from a 30000 to 31000 or 32,000.
This is going to be a randomly assigned port.
And that port is how are you going to actually access your service?
Let me show you a quick diagram.
Okay.
So we're looking at this just a moment ago.
So we had said that there is a target port that we use to access our container run inside the pod.
There is a port that gets assigned to the node port service itself.
And finally, there is a third thing here called a node port.
Now, the word node port is meant to designate a kind of port as opposed to the node port service,
whatever.
We basically just call it node port.
This is a randomly assigned port that we use to actually get access to that service from outside of
our cluster.
So it's almost always going to start with 30,000 or 31 or 32, but it is going to be randomly assigned.
We can get that port by doing that, it'll get services and you're going to see it listed right there.
We can also run a described command on the post service, very similar to the cube.
Describe deployments and pods.
So we had seen previously so I could do a tell.
Describe service post dash crv.
If I run that, I will see no port right there.
And that is the node port that was assigned.
And again, that is how I'm going to actually access this service inside my browser.
So let me show you one more diagram that's going to kind of summarize all this stuff, because there's
really just so much stuff going on here.
I know this is some nasty stuff.
So to actually access our post board really comes down to whether you are using Docker for Mac or Windows
or you're using Mini Cube.
If you're using mini cube to access the service we just created, you are going to run mini cube IP
at your terminal that is going to print out an IP address.
You're then going to take that IP.
You're going to write it out essentially right here.
So maybe it's something like 192.
Whatever, whatever.
And then a colon and then the full port that you just saw back at the terminal, this node port listed
right there.
So it's probably not going to be 3402 for you.
It's going to be probably something else.
So you would do something like 3402 and then slash posts and that should get all the different posts
that are stored inside of our post application.
If you're on Docker for Mac or Windows a little bit easier, it'll be just local host, then a colon
and then that node port.
So for me it will be 3402 slash posts.
Now a quick reminder, this entire node port thing is all about development or just for development
purposes.
So this does not mean that your users are going to actually access your application at Port 3402.
Again, this is just for development purposes.
All right.
So I'm going to open up a new browser tab because I am running Docker for Mac and I just saw right there
a node port of 3402.
I'm going to enter in localhost 3402 slash posts and then I will see an empty object right there.
You'll see something very similar.
Remember, anytime we make a git request or a post endpoint, our actual post application is going to
send back all the posts that have been created.
So because this is an empty object that is just saying no posts have been created yet.
Well, I'd say creating the service was a little bit of a nightmare, and actually getting this URL
put together was a nightmare.
But at least we now know how to run something or a container inside of our cluster and how to in some
way access it by visiting some address inside of our browser.
So this is a good step forward, but we still have to figure out.
How to create that.
Where is it?
Where's my diagram?
Right here.
How to create a load balancer, which is a little bit better way of accessing stuff than node port.
And we also need to ultimately start to create some of these other pods for our other services.
And when I use the term services, I'm talking about the Common Service and our event bus and so on.
And then get connections between all these different things using cluster IP services as well.
So still a little bit of work to do, but this is almost at the very end of the tunnel or end of this
phase of learning about this Kubernetes stuff.
So let's take a quick pause right here and continue in just a minute.